An unemployed worker applies for a job as a housekeeper at Microsoft. The HR manager gave him an interview, then a test (sweep the floor), and said to him: - You are hired; give me your email and I'll send you the form to fill out, along with the date and time you need to show up to start your job. The desperate man replies that he does not have a computer, let alone an email. The HRD then tells him that he is sorry, but that if he does not have an e-mail, it means that virtually he does not exist, and, as he does not exist, he cannot have the job. The man goes out, without knowing what to do. He only has 10 dollars in his pocket. So he decides to go to the supermarket and buy a case of 5 kilos of tomatoes. He therefore went door to door to sell his tomatoes by the kilo, and in less than two hours, managed to double his capital. He repeats the operation three more times and returns home with $ 60. So he realizes that he can survive this way, he leaves home every day earlier and returns home later, and triple or quadruple his money every day. Shortly after, he buys a cart, then the exchange for a truck and soon after finds himself with a small fleet of delivery vehicles. Spent 5 years, the man owned one of the largest food distributors in the United States. He then thought of the future of his family, and decides to take out life insurance. He calls an insurer, chooses an insurance plan and when the conversation ends, the insurer asks him for his e-mail to send him the proposal. The man then says that he has no e-mail .- Curious, says the insurer, you don't have an email and you have managed to build this empire, imagine what you would be if you had an email !!! The man thinks and answers : - I would be a cleaning man at Microsoft.
A group of TCP packets enters a bar, the bartender says: "Wait two seconds, I have to close this window".
It is an SQL request which enters a bar, and the server replies: "There are no more tables!" "
I wanted to tell you a joke about 404 errors, but I can't find it anymore.
In IT we spend 80% of the time in development, 80% of the time in testing, 80% of the time in debug for 20% of the result. \n \nThe mathematician: \n \n "False: 9 is not first" \n \n \n \n The physicist: "1, 3, 5, 7, 9… er… 11, 13… well, except for experimental errors, it's good "\n \n \n \n The computer scientist: \n1 is first, \n3 is first, \n5 is first, \n7 is first, \n9 is not first, \n9 is not prime, \n9 is not prime, \n9 is not prime, \n9 is not prime, \n9 is not prime, \n9 is not prime, \n9 is not prime
A woman asks her husband programmer: "Go to the supermarket to buy a bottle of milk. And if they have eggs, take 6 ”. And the guy comes back with 6 bottles of milk.
"Go to the supermarket and buy a bottle of milk. And while you're at it, take some eggs." He never comes back.
“Why do mathematicians have so much difficulty for women as for barycenters?…. because they are constantly looking for the G-spot. ”
How does a developer try to fix his car when it has a problem? He gets out of the car, closes all the windows, goes back into the car, and tries to restart.
How many developers does it take to replace a burnt out bulb? None, it's a Hardware problem. Thanks!
